I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
Greetings from the real universe.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
Please wait outside of the house.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
With the high wind warning
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
I’m a living furnace.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
We should play with legos at camp.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
In that instant, everything changed.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
A glittering gem is not enough.
She cried diamonds.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
She advised him to come back at once.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
She did her best to help him.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Love is not like pizza.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
Two seats were vacant.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Just go ahead and press that button.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
I am never at home on Sundays.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Don't step on the broken glass.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
The book is in front of the table.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
Hit me with your pet shark!
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
She was too short to see over the fence.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
I want more detailed information.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Instead of a bachelorette party
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
At last
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
On each full moon he drank life before spitting it out.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
The lake is a long way from here.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
